#how to shave a pig {#identifier}
A paragraph is one or more lines of text followed by one or more blank line. Newlines are treated as spaces, so you can reflow your paragraphs as you like. If you need a hard line break, put two or more spaces at the end of a line.   

Yest that is true.

A backslash followed by a newline is also a hard line break. Note: in multiline and grid table cells, this is the only way to create a hard line break, since trailing spaces in the cells are ignored.
\
This is ture as well.

See the section on
[header dentists](#header-identifiers-in-html-latex-and-context).

##Seconde section
we have a newline here, do we?

>"Während echte Bewunderung ihre Distanz wahrt und die Diskrepanz zwischen dem Bewunderer und dem Bewunderten respektiert, überfällt der Neid seinen Gegenstand mit einem Schwall von Komplimenten, was nicht nur seinem Bedürfnis dient, sich im Kostüm der Bewunderung Geltung zu verschaffen, sondern auch der Lust des Neiders, ebenjene Eigenschaft zu besitzen, die seinen Neid ursprünglich angestachelt hat."
Equally, we look forwart to [foo]() implicit identifiers

##dentist
These identifiers are used to provide link targets in the table of contents generated by the toc option. They also make it easy to provide links from one section of a document to another. A link to this section, for example, might look like this:
See the section on
[i call it shipcode](shipcode) and sol the section on boat [here](boatcode)



###Seconding down
It is all to easy to have a _#_ at the beginning of a line
###so this dont work
Also: code:

~~~~~~~ {#shipcode .php .numberLines startFrom="12"}
if (a > 3) {
  moveShip(5 * gravity, DOWN);
}
~~~~~~~

> Yes, more.
   
   {#boatcode .php .numberLines startFrom="12"}
    if (a > 3) { 
      moveShip(5 * gravity, DOWN);
    }

###but this does {#foo}
Yes, lorem bacon, awesome.

Yest that is true.

A backslash followed by a newline is also a hard line break. Note: in multiline and grid table cells, this is the only way to create a hard line break, since trailing spaces in the cells are ignored.
\
This is ture as well.

See the section on should be impliceit
[how to shave a pig]

*Let's see if it works*
\

|Did it work?|Answer|
|-  |-  |
| Yes | No |
| No | Yes |


